Pumm 501’85 {Cont} .

Tﬁere is a poesibility that it hit the tree,prior to being seen.lt alas
nearly hit thg car tha witn93$ wag travelling in,and could have caused an
acciden‘i The ynenomenen bobbed and weaved abeut the road,abave the
hedgerow to the tarmac on the road.

I am sure you will agree to my concern over this gighting,which was
obviously not an aircrafta I alga deubt tne possibility of a stray misaila
although after the fiascc at the American Air Force Base in Suifolk a few
years a50,this explanaticn is always a passibilityi

E nape that you.will be able to deal with this lettar goon,taking iﬁts
ccnsiﬁeration the time I have waited sinae Mag. ﬁecause of my research
into ‘U.E.O’s' I belong to ﬁHFGRA,who you will be aware of. They,avme
loeal people and a Fleet street Journalist are becoming ccncerned at the
lack of proﬁ‘ess ana identificaiion of this phenomenon. Ky own cancern is
the danger to the local people and hanging etc,if a aimilar phenomenon were
to collide with.a habitable builéing,or even a car.

There are some similarities between this case,and the ene at USAF
wbedhridge,8uffola. Information gained by Invegﬁigatars wag confused by
the American way of dealing with °Publie Relations'ﬁhut I uoulﬁ hope that
this is net the case with thig sighting.

The two Officers mm (1th with my letters were ”a Flt Lt _

and 371in Efficac—

Laatly,although Z wag the previous Shairman of PSFQIC 1 have ainca
moved to Cheshire to take up a past.ﬂowever i have been asked in continue
the investigation of take sighting Because of my now 0103a distance to
bBFOBA‘s Birector of Investigatians {M&ncnegter). 1 have sent a letter to
E.Aofo St Mawgan,telling them 0f this change of address,since ts my
criginal letter to them in May.

  

bUFOEtA mws-rmysa and 93mm.

a} Copy retained ia files.
17} (zapy isUIi'oi-za IQL

